{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Medium;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .AppleSystemUIFontMonospaced-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green26\blue30;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c13725\c15686;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27480\viewh16080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Add Acknowledgements Section to the Contribute page component \
( #294 )
\f1\fs28 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.
\f2\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 We would like to have an Acknowledgements section available in our Contribute page, such that whenever the page is loaded, a dynamic list of contributors is generated via a reference to our\'a0
\f3\fs23\fsmilli11900 phlask-contributors
\f2\fs28 \'a0Firebase database. This should be presented as (relative to firebase fields):\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl345\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs23\fsmilli11900 \cf4 id\
First_Name Last_Name\
Circle Names (the ones set to true)\
"Convener" (only displayed if the Convener property is true)\
Status\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf4 \
Only the users with a status set to "Active" or "Engaged" in Firebase should be displayed.\
As a secondary addition to this request, we would like to present the list of contributors as a group of panels, displaying each contributor's photo, name, and a few of their attributes.\

\f1\b Describe the solution you'd like
\f2\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 For a reference to how this should appear when loading the Contribute page, see here:\cf2 \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.figma.com/file/VGGqwl3Eq3GQIAO9I6LoNW/PHLASK?node-id=6144%3A69092&t=WF6RgDjl4eOe3RI1-4"}}{\fldrslt https://www.figma.com/file/VGGqwl3Eq3GQIAO9I6LoNW/PHLASK?node-id=6144%3A69092&t=WF6RgDjl4eOe3RI1-4}}\
\cf4 NOTE: This story should focus on the text content on the preview. For the sake of simplicity, we do not need to enable a tab-like view yet. Instead we should follow the approach that is currently implemented for our subpages:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Add an Acknowledgements component under\'a0
\f3\fs23\fsmilli11900 src/components/Pages/
\f2\fs28 . Use the other pages in this folder for a reference on how to present the content. The goal for this issue is to get the content presented in a readable format. We should not focus on styling yet.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Add a Route to path "/acknowledgements" pointed to an Acknowledgements component\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Add a an element in\'a0
\f3\fs23\fsmilli11900 src/components/SideBar/SideBar.js
\f2\fs28 \'a0to allow directing to the acknowledgements path, reuse the other\'a0
\f3\fs23\fsmilli11900 SidebarLink
\f2\fs28 -type elements in that component to build it.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 \cb3 \
Describe alternatives you've considered
\f2\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 n/a\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 Additional context
\f2\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A new firebase connection will need to be created for this component.\cf2 \
}